## Assignment 2: More OCaml

You are to write several OCaml functions, similar to what you had in assignment 1 but using more OCaml features.  The instructions below are more or less identical to assignment 1.

* [Use the this zip file](assn2.zip) as the starting point for your assignment.  Download and unzip it.  
* The file `assn2/src/assignment.ml` is where you will put your answer code.  Currently it has `unimplemented ()` or similar for all the functions, replace that with your code.
* The only other file you might want to edit is `assn2/tests/tests.ml` which contains some initial tests; you are welcome to add your own tests.
* The terminal command `dune build` run from the top level `assn2/` directory will build (compile) all your functions in the `assignment.ml` file.
* The terminal command `dune test` also run from `assn2/` will build the code and run all the tests in the above `test.ml` file.  It will report on each test whether it succeeded or failed.
* To play with your code in `utop`, you could copy/paste your functions directly into the top loop, but a perhaps easier way is to type terminal command `dune utop`, again from the `assn2/` directory.  This will compile all your functions and load them into `utop`.  They will all be part of a module `Assignment` since the file was called `assignment.ml`; so, next type `open Assignment;;` into `utop` so the functions will be directly available.
* When you are all done the homework, from directory `assn2/` run the command `dune build` one last time which will build `_build/default/src/submission.zip` -- that is the zip file you should upload to Gradescope.

### Submission and Grading

*   This follows HW1: when prompted by Gradescope, upload your `_build/default/src/submission.zip` file generated by `dune build`.
* As with assignment 1 there will be additional tests we run which you will not see the output of.  Also we will be manually checking to make sure your code meets the specification.
